---
title: Georgia
summary: Haitian soldiers fighting for Americaâ€™s freedom
thumbnail: /images/tapestries/georgia-tapestry-thumbnail.png
background_color: "bg-slate-900"
---

The Georgia Tapestry depicts the _Chasseurs Volontaires de
Saint-Domingue_, the Creole militia unit that participated in the Battle
of Savannah in 1779. The unit was made up of both enslaved and free
soldiers from Saint-Domingue who fought either for income or for their
freedom. The Battle of Savannah was one of the most diverse battles of
the Revolution, featuring French, Creole, Native American, English,
Scottish, and Colonial forces. This panel was designed in collaboration
with the Coastal Heritage Society of Savannah.

![Georgia Tapestry](/images/tapestries/georgia-tapestry-main.jpg)

The Georgia Panel is being stitched at the [Atlanta History
Center](/team/historical-partners/#atlanta-history-center), a premier
museum and research center. The Museum holds one of the largest
archives of Civil War artifacts in the United States. Stitchers will
work in the museum's state-of-the-art rotunda, allowing all visitors to
engage with both the panel's history as well as the stitchers to learn
about their organization.

Our Georgia Director is [Deborah
Berger](/team/state-directors/#debora-berger), Embroiderer's Guild of
America National Director of Education. Deborah is mobilizing stitchers
from all needlework organizations in the greater Atlanta area to work
on the project.
