---
title: New York
summary: "Fraunces Tavern: Birch Trials & Freedom"
thumbnail: /images/tapestries/new-york-tapestry-thumbnail.png
background_color: "bg-slate-900"
---

The design features the Birch Trials, one of the lesser known events
hosted by New York’s iconic [Fraunces
Tavern](https://www.frauncestavernmuseum.org/birch-trials-at-fraunces-tavern).
Significant research undertaken by the Tavern (at which you can still
enjoy a pint or two) has uncovered this important story that resulted
in one of the largest emancipations of enslaved people prior to the Civil
War.

![New York Tapestry](/images/tapestries/new-york-tapestry-main.jpg)

The Birch Trials were established to determine claims formerly enslaved
individuals made about service to the British Crown during the American
Revolution. In 1783, American and British Generals gathered at Fraunces
Tavern to hear and debate these cases, ultimately determining whether
the petitioner would be sent to Nova Scotia as a reward for their
service to King George III, or return to slavery in the United States
if their case was unclear or contested.

Within the design, a hearing is underway in the upper left hand corner.
A man advocates for his service and loyalty to Great Britain during the
Revolution--a speech which will ultimately determine his fate.

In the panel’s center, we learn about the various roles undertaken by
enslaved people in the British Army--tradesmen, laborers, and soldiers
in Dunmore’s famous Ethiopian Regiment.

The lower right hand corner depicts a family en route to their new home
in Nova Scotia as citizens of the British Crown.

The New York Panel is directed by Jenni Paperman and will be stitched
at the [Van Schaick Mansion](http://www.vanschaickmansion.org/) in
Albany by the Capitol District Chapter of the EGA alongside other
organizations. We are excited for them to get underway!
