---
title: "October Update"
summary: A Coby Foundation award, and speaking events.
date: "2024-10-05T10:51:26-05:00"
draft: false
---

Happy October! Can you believe how fast this fall is flying by?

## What's New?

Drumroll please ... This month, [The Coby Foundation](https://cobyfoundation.org/) **has awarded America's Tapestry $20,000 to begin production of the panels**. The Foundation Director called our team to applaud the project and believes that it will be an excellent legacy product of the 2026 Anniversary. To see our work recognized at the national level is humbling to say the least!

These funds will go directly towards linen and floss needed to begin stitching the panels.

This month, I will be virtually speaking at the [EGA Carolinas Fall Retreat](https://www.egacarolinas.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/flyer_rev4_8-25-24.pdf) on Saturday, October 26. I hope to "see" some of you there!

Please keep a lookout in your inbox for additional speaking events scheduled for the Mid-Atlantic & New England Regions. We have found this is a great way to spread the word about America's Tapestry to ensure maximum representation. We don't want anyone to miss out on this opportunity!

## Timeline

States where we have secured historical partners, stitching venues, and willing stitchers can begin embroidery as early as January 2025. This will allow 18 months for stitching.

Think your state may be ready to begin stitching in January 2025? Please send us an email.

## What's Next?

We are continuing conversations with our historical partners in each state to design the panels. Each panel's illustration will be completed by January 2025. Many of the stories depicted are based on exciting contemporary research that will be new to visitors.

Below is a sneak peak of a design for North Carolina. The event depicted is the Edenton Tea Party, the first known act of political resistance in North America conducted by women. The North Carolina Panel has been designed in collaboration with the State Department of Natural and Cultural Resources.

**We still need stitchers!** Let us know if you know if you are in contact with talented embroiderers from the following states:

- Rhode Island
- North & South Carolina
- New Hampshire
