content/exhibition/_index.md, before:

---
title: Exhibition
description: |
  Upon completion, the 13 tapestries will be displayed at a number of historically significant venues throughout the East Coast.
---

## Summer 2026

_America's Tapestry_ will make its debut at the newly renovated [Muscarelle Museum of Art](https://muscarelle.wm.edu/) on the [William & Mary](https://www.wm.edu/) campus. The exhibition will be coordinated with semiquincentennial programming at [Colonial Williamsburg](https://www.colonialwilliamsburg.org) and throughout Virginia's [Historic Triangle](https://va250.org).

![Interior - Muscarelle Museum of Art](/images/exhibition/muscarelle-interior.jpg)

---

## Fall 2026

The exhibition will then travel to [Seton Hill University](https://www.setonhill.edu/) in Greensburg, PA in coordination with Westmoreland County's 9/11 commemorative programming.

![Seton Hill](/images/exhibition/seton-hill.jpg)

---

## Winter 2026

The Tapestry will visit the Arts Complex at [John W. Rea House](https://www.pcartscenter.org/) in Passaic County, New Jersey, complementing historic programming at the nearby [Dey Mansion](https://seepassaiccounty.org/dey-mansion/).

![Interior - Passaic County Arts Center](/images/exhibition/passaic-county-arts-center.jpg)

---

## Spring 2027

Don't miss out on additional exhibition information!

![Connecticut Old State House](/images/exhibition/connecticut-old-state-house.jpg)

![New Hampshire Historical Society](/images/exhibition/new-hampshire-historical-society.jpg)

Commit message:

Add newsletter signup in exhibition page

content/exhibition/_index.md, after:

---
title: Exhibition
description: |
  Upon completion, the 13 tapestries will be displayed at a number of historically significant venues throughout the East Coast.
---

## Summer 2026

_America's Tapestry_ will make its debut at the newly renovated [Muscarelle Museum of Art](https://muscarelle.wm.edu/) on the [William & Mary](https://www.wm.edu/) campus. The exhibition will be coordinated with semiquincentennial programming at [Colonial Williamsburg](https://www.colonialwilliamsburg.org) and throughout Virginia's [Historic Triangle](https://va250.org).

![Interior - Muscarelle Museum of Art](/images/exhibition/muscarelle-interior.jpg)

---

## Fall 2026

The exhibition will then travel to [Seton Hill University](https://www.setonhill.edu/) in Greensburg, PA in coordination with Westmoreland County's 9/11 commemorative programming.

![Seton Hill](/images/exhibition/seton-hill.jpg)

---

## Winter 2026

The Tapestry will visit the Arts Complex at [John W. Rea House](https://www.pcartscenter.org/) in Passaic County, New Jersey, complementing historic programming at the nearby [Dey Mansion](https://seepassaiccounty.org/dey-mansion/).

![Interior - Passaic County Arts Center](/images/exhibition/passaic-county-arts-center.jpg)

---

## Spring 2027

Don't miss out on additional exhibition information! Sign up for [our newsletter](/contact).

![Connecticut Old State House](/images/exhibition/connecticut-old-state-house.jpg)

![New Hampshire Historical Society](/images/exhibition/new-hampshire-historical-society.jpg)
